Update Lisk SDK Overview page - Closes 1509 (#1638)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

== Lisk SDK ecosystem

.Lisk SDK ecosystem
image::diagram_sdk.png[Lisk SDK ecosystem diagram , 1000 ,align="center"]

The xref:{url_lisk_sdk}[Lisk SDK] operates on the {nodejs}[Node.js^] runtime and consists primarily of an application framework called xref:{url_lisk_framework}[Lisk Framework].
It contains a collection of libraries providing blockchain application functionalities (xref:{url_references_elements}[Lisk Elements]), and a powerful Command Line Interface (xref:{url_references_commander}[Lisk Commander]), which allows developers to bootstrap and manage their blockchain applications.

== Lisk SDK components

[width="100%",cols="23%,77%",options="header",]
|===
| Component | Description
| xref:{url_references_framework}[Lisk Framework] | Lisk Framework is an application framework responsible for establishing and maintaining the interactions between the different components of a blockchain application.

| xref:{url_references_elements}[Lisk Elements] | Lisk Elements is a collection of libraries, each of which implements a certain type of blockchain application functionality such as cryptography, transactions, p2p, etc.

> Each library is designed to be compatible with the Lisk Protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each library of Lisk Elements is also published as NPM package, and can be installed separately, if needed.
```

this is actually true for all components of Lisk SDK ^^ I adjusted it to add info that each pavkage can be installed separately, which I think is a more interesting information at this point.

:url_references_test_suite: references/test-utils.adoc
:url_guides_dashboard: {docs_general}build-blockchain/using-dashboard.adoc
:url_guides_setup_bootstrapping: quickstart.adoc
:url_introduction_modules: {docs_general}understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-commands.adoc
:url_introduction_plugins: {docs_general}understand-blockchain/sdk/plugins.adoc
:url_interoperability_intro: {docs_general}understand-blockchain/interoperability/index.adoc
:url_protocol: {docs_general}understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/index.adoc

//External URLs
:nodejs: https://nodejs.org/en/

image::banner_sdk.png[Logo]

****
The Lisk SDK is an open-source software development kit that enables developers to build scalable xref:{url_blockchain_apps}[blockchain applications] in JavaScript.
****

== Highlights

The most important highlights and features of the Lisk SDK:

* **One blockchain per app**: Each xref:{url_blockchain_apps}[blockchain application] runs on its own customized blockchain.
* Programming language: image:js-logo.png[JS logo, 32] **(JavaScript) & image:ts-logo.png[TS logo, 32] (TypeScript)**

> * Consensus algorithm: *xref:{url_protocol_dpos}[Lisk DPoS] & xref:{url_protocol_bft}[Lisk BFT]*

Reviewer: protocol pages will be removed in the new docs

* *Convenient development tools*:
** xref:{url_references_commander}[Lisk Commander]:
*** xref:{url_guides_setup_bootstrapping}[Bootstrap] a complete, default blockchain application with a single command.
*** Generate skeletons for modules, assets, and plugins.
*** Use the Lisk SDK libraries directly in the terminal via the interactive Lisk console.
*** Many other convenient CLI tools such as creating accounts, encrypting passphrases/messages, and more.
** xref:{url_references_dashboard_plugin}[]: Communicate conveniently with your blockchain application during development via a dashboard.
** xref:{url_references_test_suite}[SDK testing utilities]: simplifies the testing of all components of a blockchain application by providing dedicated fixtures, mocks, and utility functions.
* *Interoperable*: Make your app interoperable with other blockchain applications, by registering it as a sidechain on the Lisk mainchain. For more information see xref:{url_interoperability_intro}[].

== Lisk SDK ecosystem

.Lisk SDK ecosystem
image::diagram_sdk.png[Lisk SDK ecosystem diagram , 1000 ,align="center"]

> The xref:{url_lisk_sdk}[Lisk SDK] operates on the {nodejs}[Node.js^] runtime and consists primarily of an application framework called xref:{url_lisk_framework}[Lisk Framework].

Reviewer: Links to Lisk SDK & Lisk Framework don't work

> It contains a collection of libraries providing blockchain application functionalities (xref:{url_references_elements}[Lisk Elements]), and a powerful Command Line Interface (xref:{url_references_commander}[Lisk Commander]), which allows developers to bootstrap and manage their xref:{url_introduction_bapps}[blockchain applications].

Reviewer: Link to Lisk Elements doesn't work

== Lisk SDK components

[width="100%",cols="23%,77%",options="header",]
|===
| Component | Description

> | xref:{url_references_framework}[Lisk Framework] | Lisk Framework is an application framework responsible for establishing and maintaining the interactions between the different components of a blockchain application.

Reviewer: Link to Framework doesn't work

> | xref:{url_references_elements}[Lisk Elements] | Lisk Elements is a collection of libraries, each of which implements a certain type of blockchain application functionality such as cryptography, transactions, p2p, etc.

Reviewer: Link to Elements doesn't work

> Each library is designed to be compatible with xref:{url_protocol}[].

Reviewer: Protocol pages will be removed in new docs

| xref:{url_references_commander}[Lisk Commander] | Lisk Commander is a command line tool that provides various commands to simplify the development and management of blockchain applications.

> For example, it allows to xref:{url_guides_setup}[bootstrap] a complete blockchain application with just one command.

Reviewer: Bootstrap link doesn't work
